Messaging. What is the message you are trying to communicate with the narrative visualization?

Looking at the F1 data, we can try to compare constructors and drivers. We can also understand the impact of individual drivers' movements across constructors.

Narrative Structure. Which structure was your narrative visualization designed to follow (martini glass, interactive slide show or drop-down story)? How does your narrative visualization follow that structure? (All of these structures can include the opportunity to "drill-down" and explore. The difference is where that opportunity happens in the structure.)

It's a drill-down story, with a few annotations to make the user understand how to use the slides.
Each scene (except the last) has elements that can be clicked on to take the viewer deeper into the scene. From an overview of constructors, to a single constructor view, to a single driver view.

Visual Structure. What visual structure is used for each scene? How does it ensure the viewer can understand the data and navigate the scene? How does it highlight to urge the viewer to focus on the important parts of the data in each scene? How does it help the viewer transition to other scenes, to understand how the data connects to the data in other scenes?

Each constructor has a color, which is consistent across scenes. As is described at the top of each page, the viewer can navigate to deeper levels by clicking on marks - lines or bubbles. The best performing drivers on the constructor level have been labeled, drawing attention. The breadcrumbs line at the top of the page puts the scene in context, allowing the user to understand how they landed on the scene, while also affording the capability of going back to previous scenes.

All 3 pages are charts with year on the x axis and number of wins on the y axis. The last page, which is the driver history page, is a stacked bar chart to better portray the transition of the driver between constructors.

Scenes. What are the scenes of your narrative visualization?  How are the scenes ordered, and why

The first scene is an overview of all F1 constructors win histories plotted as lines. There is a button on the top right to switch the format to totals, reducing the information into bubbles and taking time (year) out of the picture. Hovering over the lines or bubbles gives some aggregate information, and clicking leads to the next scene.

The second scene is that of a particular constructor's history. All lines on this scene would be of a single color, representing that this graph is corresponds only to one constructor. For example, even though Kimi Raikonen has raced for Mclaren, Ferrari and Team Lotus, landing on this scene by clicking on ferrari will only include Kimi Raikonen's Ferrari wins.

The third scene is of a particular driver's history. It shows all the years the driver won any races, with bars colored as per constructor. This can be interesting to the viewer, for example when landing on Lewis Hamilton's scene, it is clear that Mercedes has far outperformed Mclaren's track record.

Annotations. What template was followed for the annotations, and why that template? How are the annotations used to support the messaging? Do the annotations change within a single scene, and if so, how and why

Some points of interests are annotated, in order to ease understanding the intent of use. The viewer is encouraged to make their own observations as well.

Parameters. What are the parameters of the narrative visualization? What are the states of the narrative visualization? How are the parameters used to define the state and each scene?

Parameters are chosen constructor, chosen driver, scene template. Each scene is a combination of the template, the chosen constructor (if any) , a chosen driver (if any) and the view mode. The parameters all come from the URL, and defines the template, the text, and the breadcrumbs line.

Triggers. What are the triggers that connect user actions to changes of state in the narrative visualization? What affordances are provided to the user to communicate to them what options are available to them in the narrative visualization?

Bringing the mouse pointer over any data item opens a tooltip displaying more information "on demand". Some elements can be clicked on, as is highlighted by changing the cursor to a pointer, enlarging the bubbles.

The navigation links in the breadcrumbs line change color on mouse over too, suggesting that they can be clicked on



